# Business-Analysis-Re-Design
Most of the hotels to date doesn’t have an optimized website. It is not appropriate for a hotel to have a website and expect to get direct bookings. The modern world has changed rapidly with technology and competition is growing rapidly across different channels. It’s very important to have an optimized website for all devices. A hotel website with too many exits links to other sites, not rewarding their customers with upgrades or membership points results in a decline of performance of the entire hotel and affects its revenue. The current system has the following problems:
1.	The hotel has a website without any reservation link to book rooms online instantly. The customer has to call or send an email to the hotel reservation desk asking about the vacancy of rooms then hotel staff responds accordingly with all details. This is causing a lot of delay and loss to the hotel. In the midst of vacations, long weekends etc. Hotel is receiving lots of requests from customers over call and email about the vacancies and it is getting to be troublesome for the staff to respond within no time and keep a track of all bookings made.
2.	The current hotel management system doesn’t have any customer feedback system for collecting feedbacks after the customer’s stay and there is no email engagement pre and post stay.
3.	It is progressively important to have an intrinsic awareness of your data and to continue to focus energy on marketing which gives you positive results. The current system is not updated regularly as per the demand in the market. It doesn’t offer any special deals or redeem points in order to attract customers and provide them quality service.

Hence Hotel Management System needs the introduction of Agile methodology where different marketing and pricing strategies are incorporated at every step of development to accomplish necessary results.
